Behavior flow reports are very helpful when you want to study the behavior of
your visitors a little more closely based on how they navigate from page to page.
Here's what the reports look like.
By default, you see the flow grouped by brands.
Let's switch this to a page by page view, like so.
We've seen this report before when we looked at user flow.
It shows you how people who,
for instance land on the homepage,
navigate to a next interaction.
This report also gives you another way to look at exits.
The red drop-offs are exits,
and if you see a thick exit line in the beginning of a flow,
you may want to take a closer look.
You can see here again that the sign-in page stands out in that respect.
Many exit from here.
This report is also a good way to study with
the expected next step is of your users for any page they may be on.
That's exactly what I did for the lifestyle site.
I looked at the expected next page after the user-generated pre-post design examples.
It was clear from that that there was a higher probability for
users to navigate to the designer look books next.
You can select individual pages to look at here.